fix: update coc (#213)
ory/meta: templates/repository/common/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

- Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a
  professional setting

## Open Source Community Support

> Ory Open source software is collaborative and based on voluntary contributions by developers in the Ory community. There is no obligation from Ory to help with individual problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ory Open source software is collaborative and based on contributions by developers in the Ory community. There is no obligation from Ory to help with individual problems.
```

> If Ory open source software is used in production in a for-profit enterprise environment, we strongly recommend signing up for a paid support contract where Ory is obligated under their service level agreements (SLAs) to offer a defined level of availability and responsibility. For more information about paid support please contact us at sales@ory.sh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Ory open source software is used in production in a for-profit company or enterprise environment, we mandate  a paid support contract where Ory is obligated under their service level agreements (SLAs) to offer a defined level of availability and responsibility. For more information about paid support please contact us at sales@ory.sh.
```
